Good morning, family!
Praise the Lord, I have some exciting news to tell you all.
We started our French channel yesterday, we started our Arabic channel, and we've started our Portuguese channel.
So if you speak those languages, these are exciting times for you, I guess, if you like watching me.
We're working hard, folks.
My son and my wife, we're all downloading and getting this channel set up, spreading the gospel throughout the whole world.
Now I will go to what I've seen about Israel.
I was interceding for Israel and what's about to happen.
The moment Trump is inaugurated on the 20th, I saw him come out like a lion cracking his whip.
I'm talking big, but you know how they say some dogs are all bark and no bite?
No, he is all dog and all bite from what I've seen coming.
I saw things that were strategic.
He has a plan, and I saw strategic plans for taking out key, select targets in the Middle East—I'm talking within a small span of time.
I'm talking about using the military like a chess game.
I saw Iran crippled financially.
A great disruption, a great delay, and a great setback is coming to Iran.
Remember what I just said: a great disruption, a great delay, and a great setback is coming to Iran financially, with their nuclear capabilities and any kind of technology.
A great setback is coming to Iran.
With Hamas and all this stuff, we're talking about the big dogs coming on the stage.
I saw weapons—this is interesting, I want you to think about this—I saw weapons that the United States has never used in battle before.
They are going to use weapons that our country has never used in battle.
Maybe we've practiced with them, but we've never used them in battle on any foreign adversary.
I saw a hypersonic missile—this right here—this is the missile that I saw them using strategically in Iran and on Hezbollah targets.
I saw them coming out of ships in the Mediterranean and a heavy military presence with our aircraft carriers and our battleships.
I'm talking a heavy presence in the Mediterranean, the Red Sea, and around the oceans there as an intimidation like you've never seen before in that strait where they're always picking on those ships.
I'm talking a heavy military presence and the respect that America has lost with our foreign adversaries over the last four years.
We have been the laughingstock of the world, and when he comes in, I saw respect restored back to America like you wouldn't believe.
I saw in the spirit a type and shadow of a Ronald Reagan coming back into power, but even stronger.
Respect is coming back to America; people are going to take America seriously again for this window.
We are going to have to pray for the next four years because a major bulldog is coming on the scene, and you will see him even more aggressive than he was four years ago.
It would be eight years ago now.
Wow, isn't it amazing how fast time goes?
I saw him hitting strategic targets in Iran and in Syria.
It's going to look like shock and awe for what I have seen coming, folks.
It was like, 'You all have messed with the wrong folks.
' This has been going on too long, the bullying and all this stuff, and I'm telling you, I saw a cracking of a whip over the Middle East.
I saw strategic alliances and people saying, 'We're back in business.
' You've got the 'open' sign in your window and everybody's excited, saying, 'Come on in and buy the goods again.
' I'm talking 'drill, baby, drill.
' You're going to see oil like you've never seen it in a long time.
You're going to see pipelines getting established and major stuff starting to happen again.
Jobs, jobs, jobs.
Putting America first.
You're going to see patriotism come back to the people.
Our foreign adversaries will be scared.
The Lord showed me this: Do you remember when I told you there was going to be a time of great seedtime and harvest?
An acceleration of seedtime and harvest—it did not have to do just with finances.
Everything that we have sowed in the past would come to harvest at last.
If you had bad seeds in the ground, you needed to repent and call crop failure over those seeds.
Say, 'Father, I've sowed some bad seeds, and I repent and I take communion over those seeds,' and ask God for mercy.
I saw a dividing line when it comes to the church—the ones that are truly for him and the ones that are riding the fence.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
I told you there would be a cleaning of the house—sexual sins and corruption.
The Lord showed me the church being scrubbed down and cleaned up.
When the cleaning of this happens at a greater level in 2025—we've seen the beginning in 2024—it's going to accelerate even more this year.
You're going to see more ministries being called out.
It's not just going to be seeker-friendly charismatics; it's going to be all denominations: Catholic, Methodist, Baptist, and the Church of Christ.
A cleaning of the house is coming to the body of Christ.
God said to me, 'Brandon, I told you I was bringing forth the new Davids.
' You will see a new generation that is not in the big spotlight on the TVs with all the money and the jets; they are the guys who have been the janitors, raised up for such a time as this.
In 2025, you will see new faces that seem to come out of nowhere.
You're going to see people walk in an anointing you've never seen before, while others who walked in it won't walk in it anymore.
It'll be like the light switch turned off.
All of a sudden, the lights are going to start going out on those people, and they'll fade into the background.
God said, 'I'm raising up a new people; behold, I do a new thing.
' He said it's a form of punishment—a 'time-out' for some folks.
I warned you about the ten cities.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to notice what color they were—blue or red?
' He said it's far-left thinking versus conservative values.
Out of all the ten cities he alerted me to pray for, every single one of them was deep blue.
It's not the Lord punishing them; it's seedtime and harvest.
When you are in a deep blue area like Los Angeles—I've interceded for the fires, but it's like pushing against a wall.
Sometimes you'll be praying for a city and you'll feel there is a wall there that you're just not able to get over in the spirit realm.
I felt like I was pushing against mud over these fires.
The Lord showed me: 'If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and I will heal their land.
' But if you have a group of people in a deep blue area that are continually in the school systems teaching kids corrupt things—all the liberal trash they're feeding and pushing—it causes the umbrella of prayer covering to be lifted.
In red areas, there is a lot of intercessory prayer covering.
But in a big blue area full of radical thinking, pornography, pedophilia rings, and witchcraft in Hollywood, the door is opened and the enemy comes in like a snake.
When you take your hand and say, 'I don't want God in this area; I don't want the Ten Commandments,' God stands back and says, 'If you don't want anything to do with me, then have your way.
' It's like Lot in the middle of Sodom and Gomorrah.
Abraham was on the hill praying for Lot, and God had to send angels to get him out.
Is God telling you to leave a blue area?
If you are living in Portland, Seattle, San Francisco, LA, Las Vegas, Dallas, New Orleans, Nashville, Boston, Chicago, New York, or Miami, you should pray very hard.
Lot was spared because he left the area.
The cup of sin was full.
In this last 2024 election, he told me he was watching to see how they vote.
You can keep going down a road in rebellion for so long, passing dead-end signs and stoplights, but you chose to vote Gavin Newsom in; you chose this direction with Nancy Pelosi.
By a majority, you took the hand of prayer off of you.
When you try to pray against it, it's like hitting a wall.
If you live in a very dark area, you better pray if you're supposed to be there, because it might cost you your life.
Follow the voice of God.
If you feel God stationed you there, then be there and plead the blood over your family.
Over this whole year of 2025, you will see a dividing line of blessing and favor when it comes to droughts, storms, and earthquakes.
You've opened the door for attack.
How did they vote?
They voted for abortion rights and against the unborn.
This is a big no-no to the Lord, shedding innocent blood.
You will see great favor and blessing on red states.
I saw them rising up with torches, and I saw fire come on the central part of America.
I saw a mass migration of Americans leaving the East Coast and New York because of what's coming.
We have a window of opportunity to get prepared.
This is funding for the harvest.
The money will come to the remnant to supply food, water, and buildings.
The Lord said it is a small window, and then you will see the house of cards fall.
I know it's in the winter months.
The blue states will look like Ichabod.
Remember my words: The cities will look like an Ichabod, but it is not an Ichabod; it is a shaking to awaken.
True judgment is separation from God for eternity.
It's time for the church to preach the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and stop preaching the lukewarm gospel.
Seeker-friendly stuff is going to go away.
In dominant red areas, I saw a mighty move of the spirit.
I saw a mass migration of Americans coming for the revival that kicks off in Oklahoma.
You won't even be able to find a house to buy there.
It will be like light and dark; you will see gross darkness in some places, but where it's light, you will see the fire of God.
I told you great darkness was coming to the East Coast.
If you're called there, be a light in that darkness.
My job is to tell you a massive storm is coming.
The light will get lighter, and the dark will get darker, like labor pains.
I'm not a prophet; I'm a Watchman.
My job is to warn you.
God's not out of mercy; he's out of time.
You invite demons in when you put a satanic statue next to the Ten Commandments.
The devil's whole mission is to kill, steal, and destroy.
From San Diego all the way up the coastline, there is an open door over your cities.
Look at the news; your cities are burning up right now.
It will be more intense in the days ahead, and people will say it is a great Ichabod.
But God never leaves his people.
If you humble yourself and pray, he will heal the land.
You opened the door with your vote.
Gavin Newsom is thinking with a reprobate mind, but you see Trump operating with wisdom because he blesses Israel.
You will see this come to light even more from 2025 to 2028.
Enter through the narrow gate.
Who will you serve this day?
Run to the light.
This is the last call.
The next four years will increase in shaking every single year.
The church will rise up, and when people see how blessed we are, they will run to the light.
They will see that there is no Ichabod with you; we see no Ichabod.
Get ready for the best days you've ever had.
We will see the greatest harvest of souls.
I call the unsaved loved ones born again in Jesus' name.
I thank God for divine protection over President Trump.
I cover this house, our finances, and our children in the blood of Jesus.
A thousand shall fall at our side, but it will not come near us.
We call down terrorist attacks and ask for the authorities to expose the darkness and put those responsible in Guantanamo Bay.
Our redemption is drawing nigh.
We call for healing and strong marriages.
On fire brush arbor churches are coming.
Put a smile on your face because Jesus loves you.
God bless you all.